Set interface ids as constants (#216)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/Utilities.md

The Cairo programming language includes unique features and limitations relative to other programming languages. To ease the readability of Cairo contracts, this project includes reusable constant variables like `TRUE`, `FALSE`, or `ZERO_ADDRESS`.

## Interface ids

> The [constants library](../openzeppelin/utils/constants.cairo) lists all of the interface ids used by our libaries as constant variables. This helps increase code legibility, as `IERC165`, for example, is much easier to read than `0x01ffc9a7`. For more information on how interface ids are calculated, see the [ERC165 documentation](../docs/ERC721.md#erc165).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [constants library](../openzeppelin/utils/constants.cairo) lists all of the interface ids used by our libaries as constant variables to increase code legibility. For example, `IERC165_ID` is much easier to read than `0x01ffc9a7`. For more information on how interface ids are calculated, see the [ERC165 documentation](../docs/ERC721.md#erc165).
```
